welcome back everybody this is Jason
Yamamoto and we will be covering
benefits of incline bench press in this
presentation we will be covering three
parts the first one will be Quebec Euler
head overall strength and shoulder
activation the pectoralis major is
actually two separate muscles the
sternal head which is activated during
flat and decline bench and the Quebec
Euler head which works in the incline
bench because of the weight the weight
load on the body during a flat or
decline bench the collabora head of the
pectoralis major gets little to no work
this means the Quebec Euler head is
essentially ignored resulting in no
changes muscles improve strength size
and endurance when pushed beyond their
perceived limits this is known as the
saaid principle or specific adaptation
to impose the man meaning the body will
adapt to the demands placed upon it and
fitness terms if you live a heavy weight
repeatedly the muscle will get bigger
stronger or both since the incline bench
demands muscle activation from the upper
chest the entire muscle group will have
a bigger stronger look and feel not only
does the incline bench press work a
muscle easily ignored by many programs
and also improves overall strength and
size of their chest
additionally the angle of the incline
bench forces greater recruitment of the
anterior deltoids then the flat or
decline bench does so now there is even
greater room for growth of strength in
size due to the increase muscular demand
required to finish the exercise safely
and effectively please visit the
reference link for more additional
information on the incline bench press
and thank you for participating in
today's presentation my name is Jason
Yamamoto and I'll see you guys in the
next presentation